I seem to do my best writing at night, or I tell myself I do. So essentially when I want to write a blog post I have a very thin window to do so nowadays. I've given myself about an hour or so between when I get compelled to sleep and when I sit down and start writing. My mind is clearer. THe fatigue of the day allows me to focus on solely on my writing, withough any other crap flying through my head. That's what I tell myself. But it's not true. I've done what almost every other person I know does. I've confined myself to this small space of time as a form of procrastination. Just like how people wait until the night before an exam to start studying. Whenever I try to write at any other time during the day (like now for instance) the words just don't seem to come out right. That what I tell myself. But it's not true. Heck I may actually be better at writing at the time during the night. But I created this website to enhance my writing skills, not for every post to be a masterpiece. It's a work in progress. So just a head's up, some posts may be crap. If you don't like what your reading then don't waste your time. I've got to be able to make mistakes to improve, and if I'm too worried about having everything A++ nothing's going to get done.

I once got handed a article in high school at tne beginning of a senior history course. It was on the topic of procrastanation and produced by the <i> Globe and Mail </i>. The basic gist of it was that they had conducted a study on the ethics of how people work, and that the only possible way for some people to get work done is to do so under pressure. But that was obvious. I myself worked like that on occasion, and I knew I did so less than most of my friends. The line that really hit me however was a quote excerpt in the article. Not even the whole quote. Just two words. Suriving. Thriving. How can anybody possible hope to thrive if they procrastinate. Let's hypothetically say we have a report due tomorrow. It's getting late and you start writing. Are you able to finish the report before falling asleep? Can you double check for mistakes before handing it in? Is it even your best work? Yet if you had started earlier you would have been able to check it. Add to it. Delete some lines that didn't work. Add a nice cover. You would have been able to produce your best work, you would hae been 'thriving'. Hell you may not have produced your best work, but you had the oppurtunity to do so, and you cleared that little stress ping in your brain that you try to shut off when you procratinate. By starting work at the last moment, 'surviving', you don't even give youself that chance. This concept is just for report, isn't just for this blog post. The concept can be applied to almost everything you do in life (and yes that includes your will). 

Now I did say I wouldn't moan and complain on this blog, which is what I plan to still do. But I figure whining about something might actually get me writing again. This post was also lackluster, but hey, like I said I'm not out there to get a grand slam every time I'm up to bat. I'm happy to bunt from time to time to get some momentum for my team. 

Cheers,
Schybo